Change warning for placeholder size to exception (#1143)
rwth-i6/returnn: docs/configuration_reference/behavior_version.rst

Version History
---------------

Behavior version 14 (2022-10-17)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Dimensions tags were previously assumed to be the same with different size place_holders when processing matrixes. From now on, The dimension tags are now not allowed to be different and it will raise an exception.

Reviewer: The explanation is confusing, misleading and the formatting is wrong (use multiple lines).
```suggestion
Dimension tags with different dynamic size tensors
can not be merged anymore via `declare_same_as`.
This can happen when the user did not set the dim tags
correctly in `extern_data`.
Otherwise it is likely a bug.
```

Version History
---------------

> Behavior version 14 (2022-10-17)

Reviewer: This is actual version 14.

> Behavior version 15 (2022-10-19)

Reviewer: Wrong, this is version 14. Do not change this.

See issue `#1141 <https://github.com/rwth-i6/returnn/issues/1141>`__.

> Behavior version 14 (2022-10-19)

Reviewer: This is version 15. And move this to the top.

See issue `#1154 <https://github.com/rwth-i6/returnn/issues/1154>`__.

> Behavior version 14 (2022-10-17)

Reviewer: As I said, you need to move this up, and change it to version 15.
